National bride price to
Obedient girl
My grandfather is here to give you a betrothal gift
A pair of South China Sea topaz
Hundred meters 50 billion
30 properties and 700 shops
Gold bars 1kg
It seems that this country has emptied its wealth
Didn't you promise me to break off the marriage?
Bo Shao promised you
What does it have to do with my aunt?
Why is Miss Lu really going to sleep with us?
You get it for me
Hey stinky jozi
This is your wife
Can't eat at home
Don't call me grandpa anymore
Ok grandpa
No longer regular
That guy Bomunien thinks he's used to it
I was obsessed with breaking up with my little sister before
Now it's time to be good again
And they're right.
Our little sister actually wants it if he wants it.
If you don't want it, don't want it.
Never let him slide easily
Ah dead
Who promised me?
Hold the heart of the mother of the country firmly
That's not you.
Now, people's doctors are starting to swell
My entire estate
Go on like this
In three days, our Shen family will go bankrupt
How could it be like this?